Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
It's Diana and Brandon, and we're excited to be here.
We have some things in our heart, but I don't have a lot; I'm just going to pray with you all.
I know we came on a little bit later than normal.
I try to come on by then, but as you're driving around like we were today, we could feel the presence.
I told Diana, 'Don't you just feel the presence of the Lord so strongly?
' And she could, too.
It was right after we watched Billy Burke last night; the presence of the Lord was tangible when he was in Orlando.
Truly, I have never experienced through a phone or a device watching and feeling the presence of the Lord fill your car or your house like that.
It lingered all night and all day.
As I was seeking Him and as I went to the prayer group last night, I had an open-eyed vision of Jesus.
He came, and I didn't know that Diana had been praying for me that afternoon.
After I told her what happened, she started crying and said, 'Brandon, I was interceding for you, just asking God to give you a refreshing.
I know you pour out so much and you're tired a lot.
' She said, 'I was in my own private prayer time this morning, and I was praying for you.
I asked the Lord to become real to Braden even more, help him, and give him strength.
' When I went to prayer that night—which was Sunday night, I guess—my life just runs together.
Last night, He spoke to me, and I said, 'Lord, I miss You.
' All of a sudden, I just closed my eyes, and Jesus appeared before me in a vision, like He does whenever I'm on here.
He started talking to me about some things that were very private, encouraging me just like she was asking.
Because of all the things that I had delivered this last week, it was hard.
I said, 'Lord, I need refreshing.
Is everything okay?
Are we cool right now?
' And He said, 'Well, why wouldn't it be?
' I said, 'Well, I've had a rough week.
' And He said, 'Brandon, you just need to be refreshed.
You're dry.
You're thirsty.
' You know, ladies and gentlemen, when you are so used to going through the valley of life, He said, 'Once you pass a certain test—Jesus said this to me yesterday—once you pass a certain test in school, you don't keep going there.
You graduate.
' As you are in the body of Christ, as you are on the potter's wheel and as you go from glory to glory, you don't camp in the valley.
You don't camp in what you're going through for the refining fire.
The refining fire is for a season, and once you pass the test, you don't have to take it again.
He said, 'Brandon, you went through those things and you passed those tests, but you're so used to camping around what you had been through in the past.
' From working at my grandmother's, working at the church, and having Megan, you build a wall of defense where you're always looking for the next blow.
You feel that victim mentality where you walk through life feeling like you're always going through something because you're growing from glory to glory.
But those tests were for that season of life.
The Lord says as you grow and mature, those things become the tests that you passed.
Just like in fifth, sixth, or seventh grade, you don't go back and repeat those.
You just take what you learned and add to it.
You keep going until you graduate.
You always remember what you learned, but you never have to take the test that you took to get to the next level.
You go from glory to glory.
That's what He was showing me: that season is done, and He is taking me somewhere new.
There are seasons of blessing and refreshing in every believer's life.
It's not always about the valley.
We go through hard times in our Christian walk, and that's what makes us stronger.
Diana found this man who had died and went to heaven.
In his testimony, he came back and said his mother told him in heaven, 'Don't forget what pain feels like, because you won't have any of it up here.
' Don't take it for granted.
Pain causes you to grow; trials cause you to grow.
There are no trials up there to spur you to grow.
The hard times are what refines you.
A lot of times, when your flesh is screaming the loudest is when God has His hand on that potter's wheel and He's pushing down.
Does God cause the pain?
No.
I want to tell you God is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.
He is a blesser, not a curser.
But because we live in a fallen world, hard times come.
I always stay on God's side; God does not put sickness on people to teach them a lesson.
I don't believe that.
There's no sickness in heaven, so how can He give it to you?
When you get to heaven, He doesn't have any sickness there, and He and the devil aren't buddies joining up to inflict His kids.
What kind of father would do that?
The Bible says, 'If you, being evil, give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love Him?
' He's not giving snakes or sickness to teach you something.
Because we live in a fallen world and go through life, it molds us and you grow—and also because of our own dumb decisions.
But regarding the valley, the man said, 'Don't forget the way pain feels because you won't feel any in heaven.
' The trial makes you grow.
She said, 'And don't forget what touch feels like in this way, because it's different in heaven.
' When he went to heaven—and I know he had an authentic encounter, this man wept the whole time—the glory of the Lord was present.
He was a druggie and had a massive heart attack, and when he went up there, he had all this about the Father and all the inadequacies that we feel because God is so perfect.
But every single thing he said was things that Jesus had said to me.
Every single thing, not every single thing, but a lot of them.
I don't, because that's exaggeration.
Some of the things he said the Lord said to him were what the Lord said to me privately in the visitations I've had with him, and I thought, he said that to him too?
Isn't that amazing that he'll help you through it?
That you can't mess your life up?
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
Brandon, he said that to me.
No matter how hard you try, you couldn't mess your life up if you're seeking me and you're looking towards my face.
He said, You can't mess your life up because I'll turn what the devil meant for bad and turn it around for good for you, Brandon, if you're always looking for me.
No matter how bad you mess your life up, how bad you might think you've messed your life up, if you're seeking the Lord, he'll turn it on a dime.
It's about putting Jesus first.
We must learn to put Jesus first.
He is everything.
If you put him first in your marriage, if you put him first with your children, if you put him first in your finances—that's why the Bible says, you know, a lot of people get all upset when you tell them about tithing and giving, but we were forced to learn how to tithe.
Our church forced us to tithe.
Because we were on staff, if we didn't tithe, they'd fire you.
And so I knew whenever you're forced to learn how to tithe, it then becomes habit because we worked there for so many years.
So people say, Oh, I don't believe in tithing.
Oh, I believe with all my heart.
I believe in tithing more than—I'm telling you, I have got the revelation of tithing, not because of something that I wanted, but because I was forced to.
And I thank God for Mark all the time.
Pastor Mark, he taught us the fundamentals of tithing.
It was, like I said, strong-armed, but I'm thankful that he did it because if he wouldn't have done it, I wouldn't have got the revelation of it.
I was a tipper.
I'd give God a little bit here and there, and you give him what you could or whatever, whenever it was convenient.
But as we grew and God started speaking to Diana, she got her education, her master's degree, and did all that through her schooling and pushing as hard as we did.
But then the Lord gave us an idea outside of what we naturally would have thought.
It was Diana that had the revelation.
It's amazing how many times the Lord has used her to help our family.
Husbands, listen to your wives.
They have wisdom, and wives, listen to your husbands.
But I'm just saying don't always just think that you have it all and that you know God, well, I'm the head of the house and you better listen to me.
I thank God that she had the idea for eBay and Poshmark.
Thank God it came from a Holy Ghost-inspired idea of desperation.
Couldn't pay our electric bill.
But I'm saying as we tithed and we gave, we kept tithing and we keep giving, and it's become foundation in our life where God is always first.
That was where I was going with that.
By keeping God first in your marriage, praying together, reading the Bible together, reading little books like this together, we keep our marriage fresh that way.
And I don't always say there haven't been hard days; we go through it.
But we know if we pray together, we stay together, and we take communion together, and we know that if we seek him together, we'll find him.
I've learned to lean on her discernment a lot.
I believe there's a lot of discernment in women.
God has gifted women with great discernment.
Don't you agree?
They're like, it's like Billy Burke says, they're the rear guard of the household.
They're able to see things a lot of times that the man doesn't see.
And when she gets these emails and people are always saying they've got something going on and Diana says, I have to check.
I have to pray about that.
Let's pray about that together more.
And I say, You see something I don't see.
Okay.
Well, I trust it.
And she says, I don't always trust the motive behind the individual.
You have to pray.
And we learn as you intercede and as you pray and you grow, God will develop you and you'll go from glory to glory.
But I was praying over things today and the anointing and the presence of the Lord was so strong, and he was talking to me about what's about to happen.
Going and praying into 2026, this is a year you can't just let your guard down.
You must be spiritually alert.
2026 is going to be a high alert year.
We must pray for our country concerning terrorist attacks, Red Dawn experiences.
Oh, Brandon, you said—I'm telling you by the spirit of God, you must have your eyes open.
Do not become dazed for the days that are ahead concerning this nation, concerning our president, his safety, and all the things that I keep telling you and talking to you all about.
This is a time to have your senses heightened all around the world.
You say, Well, I'm not in America.
Well, if you live in Australia, if you live in Europe, if you have your spiritual discernment heightened by praying and fasting, by seeking him, you will find him.
This is a time not for the church to be asleep.
You must wake up.
I'm telling you, closing out 2025 and really coming alive in 2026 even more.
You need to have your eyes open.
I have a great warning going into the future and praying over this year, praying over 2026, but I was seeing the old generals and he said, Go back to the wells, the wells of the revival.
You see the picture behind us?
That Thanksgiving picture was what I saw in the spirit when the Pilgrims came and they put their hands together and they made a covenant to God at Plymouth Rock.
And I saw an actual rock that they stood around and they prayed and they took communion and they dedicated the land of America as one nation that they would have a God-fearing—they dedicated this land, this property where we are.
We dedicate this land to Jesus that we will be a people that live by faith, that have a freedom of religion and all the things that they sought out for.
The Lord said to me, he said, Brandon—he brought it up to me tonight, Brandon—those prayers still go before me.
The prayers of your founding fathers clear back at Plymouth Rock.
They go before me.
George Washington's prayers on the battlefield when he was fighting the British, when he was fighting the battle and he was weary, and I gave him supernatural strength to fight for the land.
When George Washington had bullets flying all around him, they said bullets were all in his cloak.
His jacket, what he had on, all those bullets from—he had bullets all through his clothes because they were that close to hitting him.
But the hand of the Lord was on him to protect him for this nation.
And as he was praying, God, give me strength to finish this battle, God supernaturally gave him a strength, knowing that there was going to be a Diana and a Brandon standing here today praying for you in America saying Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming.
Do you know our friend?
We had over 100 people get saved this last video.
That's what it's all about to us.
97, Braden said so far just on the livestream, and then how many people on emails and everything else, has been over the top from the other videos.
But as I saw in the spirit George Washington fighting the battle and God gave him strength and he prayed that this nation would be a nation that feared God.
Those prayers still go before the Father.
He's not forgotten it.
And he said to me, "You will not be a goat nation.
You will be a sheep nation.
" And a great shaking to awaken is coming to this land.
It will not be a land that turns its back and does things against me, becoming a goat nation from the Father.
We will remain a sheep nation.
I want to be a sheep; I don't want to be a goat.
So I want to encourage you all today: America is not done for.
America is not falling off.
Well, we see Mamdani, or whatever his name is, up there in New York and all these things—yeah, there are some radical things happening right now.
Braden had a list of all the churches in the last 24 months in Texas alone; 48 mosques were raised up in Texas in this area right here in the last 24 months.
48 mosques were created or raised up in Texas.
Ladies and gentlemen, does anybody know this stuff is going on?
As we see this stuff happen, a great shaking is coming.
Go back to what he said: go back to the family units.
Go back to the foundation.
Go back to the basics, the ABCs.
Don't get out of the ABCs.
There are so many people that have forgotten the ABCs.
What does that mean?
The fundamentals of Christianity.
It all ties together, what he's telling me and what I'm trying to tell y'all tonight.
Don't forget kindergarten; don't forget it because you're going to use what you learned in first grade.
It all goes from glory to glory.
It's the same way with your faith and your walk with the Father.
You learn your confession.
You learn how to speak things and call those things that be not as though they were in Romans.
You've got to learn that life and death is in the power of your tongue.
The more you speak out of your mouth, what you're saying is what you're living.
What you said yesterday is what you'll live tomorrow.
What you're living today is what you said yesterday.
You must understand that life and death is in the power of your tongue.
Most people just say things flippantly.
Even Pastor Chip and Candace say all the time, "What's the first thing that comes out of your mouth?
What's your first response?
" What's your first response to the circumstance when the doctor gives you a bad report?
"Well, your blood pressure is too high.
We're going to have to put you on blood thinners.
" They're going to do all this stuff because you get these bad reports, but what's the first thing?
"Well, I guess I'm dying.
My marriage is going to heck.
My kids are going to hell.
My finances aren't doing any good.
" You speak all those things out of your mouth, and the more you speak them, you'll have them.
Most people go, "I don't believe that," but the devil knows the power of your tongue and its influence.
Even when it comes to God, we are made in His image.
As He is, so are we in this world.
He spoke it, and it was.
Remember what I told you: God's words do not return to Him void.
They will accomplish that for which He sent them.
When I went to the throne room and the Lord was speaking, none of His words died.
They all became seeds before the throne.
As they went together and all the letters came together, they formed sentences right before my face.
They became a mustard seed in front of my face.
All His words came out of Him and formed a mustard seed that started to grow because they didn't die.
Everything the Lord says never returns to Him void.
He does not speak to hear Himself talk; He speaks to make real things happen in a real world.
That's what Oral Roberts even said: "Make no little plans here.
Believe God for big.
" You've got to speak to your mountain.
Your mountain needs to hear your voice because we're made in His image.
So I'm trying to tell us as Christians to always speak life into the circumstances.
If you get mad and say something stupid, repent and say, "I thank you, Lord, that there's a crop failure over those words.
I don't want my words to bring that.
" There was a family, the Shooks, when I was a teenager; they had a church in Fort Worth and they would always say, "Is that what you want?
You'll have what you say.
" They'd always be quick to correct you.
I've always thought about that.
You'll have what you say; life and death is in the power of your tongue.
So I want you to really think about things when we talk about America.
We want to speak life, peace, and joy.
But these things I'm telling you are warnings.
We need to pray and take our authority.
I have to warn you.
I told you 1 Corinthians 5:5; the Lord said an acceleration of 1 Corinthians 5:5 will be on the ones that are not awake because they're still asleep.
A lot of the pastors behind the pulpits are preaching a lukewarm gospel.
The Lord said they must start to tell my people what I told you about Oral Roberts and the great awakening, the last call.
He had this visitation, and it was so strong that it shook him.
He said, "This is me telling the people that the soon return of my son is at hand.
They must start preaching fire behind the pulpits.
" The Lord told me 1 Corinthians 5:5 was going to start to be amplified.
He said, "I've warned them through 2025 to get prepared and to start telling my people that I'm coming, and they have disobeyed me.
For much is given, much is required.
" Brandon, much is given, much is required.
I've given them celebrity and no lack of finances—some make millions of dollars every month—yet they've not listened to what I've told them to do by telling the people about Revelation, repentance, and seeking me.
John the Baptist yelled.
How many times did we hear the prophetic voices in the Old Testament warn that the Messiah was coming the first time?
Isaiah yelled and yelled.
People said, "Oh, hundreds of years passed by.
" The Bible says there will be scoffers.
Peter said, "There'll be scoffers.
" "Well, when is the coming of the Lord?
We've heard this before.
" But people will scoff.
But I'm telling you, just as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
They mocked Noah over and over.
'Oh, it's going to rain.
Oh, Noah.
Oh, crazy Noah.
' When I had that vision and saw the timeline, I told everybody, 'The Lord allowed me to see Noah.
' I got to see Noah, and he had a big nose.
He had a ginormous nose and his ears were ginormous.
I thought, 'What in the world is that?
Who is this?
' As I was looking, the Lord said, 'That's Noah.
' I could see him building the ark.
I could see everything.
The trees were massive and green; it was beautiful.
The canopy above the earth was pink with beautiful colors, and it was actually humming.
It had noise.
I don't know why, but the atmosphere above the world...
all the trees were huge.
There was no death.
The earth was gorgeous.
It looked so pretty the way the plants were.
Compared to what we have now—I don't want to say there was no death, there was death there—but the greenery wasn't like it is now.
Our trees are nothing compared to what I saw when I was there in the spirit.
It's the same thing when I told you Adam was talking to a dinosaur-looking thing.
I saw Adam and he was ripped; he had muscles.
He was talking to what looked like a long-neck dinosaur.
I thought this was amazing, but the Lord showed me the timeframe.
He went through each thousand years and played it before my eyes like a movie screen.
I could see it all playing before me.
Everything was so beautiful; I described it the best I could.
I could see them building the Colosseum, the pyramids, and even the Great Wall of China.
It all played before me: battles, kingdoms, empires rising and falling.
It was all planned.
I could see the city of Atlantis; it was destroyed.
I saw it all happen.
Everything was played before my eyes.
The Lord allowed me to see this, but He said, 'I'm allowing you to see where you are right now.
You're right here.
And this little sliver of time is all you have left.
' This dispensation of grace, where we are at this time after Jesus came for us—you're right here and you're about to come over into the thousand years.
But there's a seven-year tribulation that's about to begin, and then a thousand-year reign where you'll be with Me.
I got to see the thousand years and it looked like Eden coming with the new heaven and the new earth and all the things that were about to be happening in the future.
We were translated, all of us, and we all had beautiful robes on.
We were in one place one minute and another place the next.
I could see the Garden of Eden was reestablished.
Everything was green and the canopy was back.
The colors and the sound were back; I could hear it.
But I'm trying to tell you that we're almost there.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end and the tribulation is about to begin.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
You may think, 'I've heard that and heard that,' but I bring this to you again tonight to warn you.
You must repent of your sins and come to know my friend Jesus Christ.
If you don't know Him, you're in trouble.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
All of humanity has come to the wire.
We're right here.
As we see the days get darker and darker with artificial babies and manipulation—as in the days of Noah, the Nephilim, all the angels lying with the women and creating superhuman giants and weird stuff—we see them trying to do things just like it with AI technology.
We see the Prince of Saudi Arabia, who I believe is the Antichrist, comes to the White House to talk to President Trump.
I thought, 'Look, MBS is coming.
' Well, I don't care what you believe.
Some believe it's in Europe, but you just keep watching MBS.
You keep watching the Mahdi.
That's who I believe it is.
Some people think it's the Syrian king, the Assyrian guy.
I don't.
I believe we're seeing it all play in front of our faces.
The end of the end is playing out right in front of us.
I believe we're about to see Israel take a different turn like you wouldn't believe, going into Ezekiel 38 and 39.
All these things are about to take place.
Keep watching for an escalation of things.
The Lord told us even about 2026.
As I keep praying into 2026, I believe He said you'll have to contend.
I told you there will be one percent of the Body of Christ—if you're listening to me—for many of the people who call me 'Lord, Lord' don't know Me.
Their hearts are so far from Me.
For wide is the gate, and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat.
Because Strait is the gate, and narrow is the way which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.
Narrow means real thin.
I just want to make sure that you don't just think you qualify because you said all this, but you don't live right.
I'm not sold out for Jesus.
I'm like the virgins; my lamp is not full of oil.
Christianity shouldn't just be when it's convenient.
God is not a convenience; He's a lifestyle.
He is everything.
I want to be sold out for Jesus, so that if a gun were put to your head, you would say, 'I don't deny Christ.
' I've seen those days coming.
The very freedoms that we take for granted will be challenged in the days ahead.
I saw the tribulation.
Do I believe we go through the tribulation as the Body of Christ?
No, I do not.
I believe that God is not a wife-beater.
I believe with all my heart that we escape the wrath to come.
I don't believe that I'm appointed unto wrath.
I'm a joint heir with Jesus Christ.
We're going to wreak havoc on the Antichrist and his agenda.
How can he run ragged and do all the things that he wants to do with people like us in here saying, "Hey, we're not going to stand for that.
We got authority over you, devil.
" He's going to be going, "We got to get these Christians out here.
They're going to be excited.
" Especially the ones that are radical like us.
He's going to be like, "Thank God Brandon and Diana and his family are gone.
They're in the rapture," because it's like I told you.
You want to be that Christian that every day you wake up, the devil goes, "Oh, God, they're awake.
" You know, they're awake again.
We got to get ready, guys.
They're going to come and try to slap us in the head or lead more people to Jesus.
But most people live so lukewarm that they don't even realize the times we're living in.
They really don't care.
They're more interested in drinking their beer and going to their football game than they are having a Holy Ghost party.
Well, you know what's convenient?
We're going to go out and socialize tonight and have some liquor and have a little fun because I just had a stressful week.
You know, let's go out and maybe go to the club and watch some girls take their clothes off.
I don't know, something crazy.
But most people, because I had people in the church tell me, "Oh, it's okay, brother.
You know, it's okay to go to the strip clubs every once in a while.
" I said, "Are you out of your mind?
" "Well, that's where I met my girlfriend.
" Well, that's a dandy of a relationship, isn't it?
That one's built to last.
You met your girlfriend, that's going to be your wife, at a strip club and you go to church together and go to the strip club because that's how y'all get excited.
That is sickening.
But people think that's okay.
It's not okay.
It's not okay to live in sin.
Most preachers don't want to tell you that.
"Well, you know, we don't want to scare them off because they're numbers in our pew.
And if we can keep them coming, maybe they'll change.
" But we don't want to tell them the truth while we're here because just maybe they'll keep coming to tell them if you're homosexual, you're going to hell.
We can't tell you the truth because we don't want to judge them.
No, we got to tell you what's right and what's wrong.
And the Bible says, "He that lies with another man and those that lie with another woman are going to hell.
" That's what the Bible says.
But people get all upset about it and go, "Well, Brandon, I'm turning you off.
" I am responsible to tell you the truth.
I'm responsible to tell you if you worship Muhammad, you're going to hell.
If you worship Buddha, you're going to hell.
That's what the Bible says.
There is no one that comes to the Father unless it's through Jesus Christ.
You must come to Jesus Christ and through him you will be saved.
But you must hear the truth from a preacher for me to tell you you cannot enter into the kingdom of God living in sin.
You must repent and turn from your wicked ways.
But most people don't want to hear that.
False religions, false idols, false gods.
You cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
You must know Jesus Christ.
And the Bible says, "Turn from your sins.
Don't keep doing it.
" "Oh, Brandon, you're just old-fashioned.
You just make me mad as you know what.
" Somebody's got to tell you the truth, and I only tell you out of love.
If I didn't care, I wouldn't come on here.
I have more things I can do with my time at night.
But the Lord said, "Go on there and tell them, Brandon, I need you to warn them because they're not hearing it from church.
They say it's okay.
" We had one guy that wanted to get a sex change.
He wanted the church to pay for the sex change, but he got mad when we told him he couldn't go into the girls' bathroom and start using the girls' bathroom in our church.
So, he wanted to sue the church.
That's where we were.
That happened in our church where we were.
And he said, "Well, I'm going to sue you all because I can't go into your girls' bathroom and go in there with them because I relate with myself as a female.
" And I said, "I dare you to go in there with my little girl.
Seriously.
" But people go, "Well, we got to love them where they are.
" No, we got to tell them you're wrong.
We got to tell them they're going to hell if they keep that behavior up.
You got to repent and turn from it.
That is love.
But most people don't want to hear it.
"Well, you're hateful.
" That's not hateful.
It's the truth.
You were born with what parts you have.
That's who you are.
Check your parts.
If you were born with a penis, you're a man.
If you were born with a vagina, you are a woman.
That's what you are.
There's no confusion in it.
It's called a demon and you need to go get deliverance and a devil's on your mind.
"Well, that's not politically correct, Brandon.
" Boy, you just really...
I'm telling you the truth and you must hear what the word would say the Lord would say to you himself.
If you were standing before Jesus, he would tell you this because he loves you.
"I fearfully and wonderfully made you.
I created you in my image.
I love you, child.
I don't want you to go to hell.
" He didn't create hell for you.
He didn't.
But you must hear the truth.
But people don't want to hear it as in the days of Noah.
Remember, the frog in the pot is getting...
the social political correctness is crazy right now.
And you say, "Well, that's a hate crime.
" It's not a hate crime.
I don't hate anybody.
I love you all.
We'll pray for you.
We'll love you.
I would have a drink with you.
"Hey, let's go out and have a soda.
Let's talk about Jesus.
" But if I don't tell you you have to change and accept Jesus Christ and let him transform you and make you go from glory to glory, what kind of person would I be if you're on the other side and said, "Brandon, why didn't you tell me?
Why didn't you tell me?
Did you not love me enough to tell me?
Did you not want to tell me that I was going there just because you wanted numbers at your church?
Just because you wanted your church to grow and you thought maybe I would change but you never really told me the truth.
You gave me a little 30 minute watered down message.
Have a good worship experience, maybe play.
" I remember going to one church we went to and they were playing AC/DC in the church before church started.
I won't even tell you the name because you all would freak out.
But we were there; we visited and they're playing Highway to Hell before the pulpit.
They were singing it at church before church started.
So, you know, we're trying to make it neutral.
We're friendly up here.
So, everybody wants to come.
They're playing Highway to Hell.
And I was like, what?
What are we doing?
The Lord said, "I want you to go there and visit.
I want you to go sit in the back.
" But as they passed the offering bucket, the preacher said from the pulpit, "If you have a need, take what you want out of the bucket and put it in your pocket just because we want to help everybody.
" So you got all these people coming, but you're playing Highway to Hell up there, but they didn't really get anything about an altar call.
I was waiting for him and I was thinking.
But as we were there, some people that invited us, because we went, they were so liberal in what they were thinking.
They were in a lesbian relationship, and these people would...
I said, "Let's just go.
We'll love and pray for them.
Let's just love.
We'll go to the church because they're trying to get their life right.
" This is back years ago, and that's when the Lord said, "I want you to see what's going on at church, Brandon," because Diana and I are always trying to reach out to people.
We go to these people and we try to help them and tell them Jesus loves you.
You must know him.
Not everybody, but we've led a lot of folks.
Brandon, you're awesome.
Thank you.
And they repent.
Do you understand?
You have to be the salt, and don't come across mean.
You don't have to be rude.
You don't have to treat people hateful.
'You're impossible to me.
Get away.
' No.
You love on them and then you tell them the truth.
Don't beat somebody down.
I'm not trying to beat you down tonight.
I'm just trying to tell you the truth in love.
I don't even know why I got off on this tonight.
Isn't that strange?
But I'm trying to tell you where we are right now.
Where are we in the scheme of things?
Jesus is coming.
And he speaks to me like he did Sunday night as I was looking and he said to me, 'Braden, I'm coming.
You need to refresh.
Keep dumping out.
' I said, 'Lord, are we okay?
Are you mad at me in any way?
Have I done anything wrong?
Just making sure.
' And he said to me, 'Braden, why would I be mad at you?
' I said, 'Well, I don't know.
I'm just always making sure, out of my own insecurity, Lord.
I don't know why you would, but I just want to make sure.
' And I'm having this open-eye vision.
I lose track of everything where I was at church Sunday night.
I even forgot.
I'm serious.
That's how real this is.
I got sucked up and the glory's been on me all day.
It was beautiful.
The presence of the Lord was beautiful.
Do you have anything to add?
I just keep talking, love.
But Jesus is more real to me than even Diana is real to me.
And I know that he's real to her more than I'm real to her.
When you get acquainted with him, he'll become more real.
When you get real with God, God will become real with you.
How desperate, how thirsty, how hungry are you for change in your life?
How bad do you want change in your life?
I don't know how many more times I can come on here like this and talk the way I just did because in the days ahead, the Lord said, 'Your First Amendment rights will be challenged greatly and you won't be able to say certain things.
' In fact, I'm surprised I'm still up.
But the Lord said there'll come a day when you will not be able to speak this way on YouTube.
You'll not be able to speak this way across platforms because they will shut you down for warning the people like this.
So I have to tell you, bring in the harvest while it is day, for night is coming.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're running out of time.
He said, 'The olive press is coming.
The olive press is coming.
' And the Christians don't realize what's about to happen.
My kids, my bride.
So, if you're here tonight and you're not too mad at me for what I've said and this stirs you to want to change, if you feel that tugging on the inside, the Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he's called and you see yourself as a sinner.
I know all have fallen and come short of the glory of God.
All of us have.
Not one of us is perfect.
He said, 'Well, Brandon, you're...
' No, no.
Brandon has flesh farts all the time.
He gets freaked out and he'll do something stupid.
Ask Diana.
Ask Braden.
All have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
All have.
But we all need to repent.
We all need a savior.
And the only one that can save you from hell is Jesus Christ.
But he's here tonight and he wants to ask, 'Do you want to know him?
' He's standing at the door of your heart and he's saying, 'Tonight, do you want to know me?
' Not just about me, not some religious person, not some religious idea, but a true relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ.
I have to ask you, do you know him?
But more importantly, does he know you?
Unless a man or a woman is born again, you cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
And if you're here tonight and I've said some things that maybe just ticked you flat off, but you need to hear it and you say to me, 'Brandon, I feel that what you're saying is right.
I feel in my heart the Holy Spirit on me right now, and I want to make a change.
I want to turn from my sins.
I want to give Jesus my life.
I want to come to him and I want him to be what you are describing.
I'm not able to do this anymore.
I'm at the end of my rope.
I'm feeling about self-harming myself.
I'm feeling about ending my life or my marriage or my relationships or whatever.
And I just want a fresh start tonight.
Can you please pray for me?
Every single time I do these broadcasts, I always try to give you an opportunity, my friend.
It's important.
But tonight, if you've never accepted him, I want you to accept him.
Be bold about your decision and put in the comment section tonight down below, 'I want to be saved.
I don't want to go to hell.
' I know I'm on the broad path.
I know I'm leading right to hell.
If I die tonight, I know I will spend eternity in hell, Brandon.
And I'm scared spitless.
But tonight, could you please pray for me to get saved, to pray for me for Jesus to accept me into his kingdom?
Can you please help me?
Yes, we can.
We would love to pray for you.
But you've got to become bold about what your decision is tonight.
Put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
' We're going to say a quick little prayer and we'll go on and see what the Lord has for us tonight.
But I have to do this every time.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you must give them an opportunity to accept me.
' So, we're going to say it.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that tonight, Lord, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me in your blood.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin.
And I'll serve you from this day forward.
I'm sold out to you, Lord.
I give you my heart.
I give you my life.
And I ask you to help me.
I can't do this on my own.
So, I ask you to help me, Holy Spirit.
Show me the right way.
Show me what I need to do.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with my whole heart.
Jesus, I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm saved and I'm coming home to you in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer, you just asked Jesus to be your Lord and personal savior.
Now find a Bible-believing church.
Go to church on Sundays, Wednesdays, whenever they have a church open.
Read your Bible every single day if you have one.
Pray, seek him, and tell the pastor there, 'I need to be water-baptized.
' I just got born again watching a YouTube video and I need to be water baptized.
Go get water baptized, plug in there, and we're excited.
A non-denominational church is where we would go.
Find one.
So, if you can't afford a Bible or you just like a Bible, tell us where we can get one to you.
If you can't afford a Bible, just look in our description and you'll find our email address.
And we're so excited.
Best decision you've ever made.
All of heaven is rejoicing.
Hell is saying, "We just lost a really great sinner.
" That's what hell is saying.
We just lost a really good sinner.
We just lost somebody that was really practiced; they sinned.
"We lost a good one tonight, boys"—that's what the devils are saying.
We lost a good one tonight; we lost one.
They're crying.
They were really good at sinning.
Bummer.
Well, praise the Lord; 56 of you gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family, all 56 of you.
We're so excited that Jesus Christ tugged at you, that you are born again.
Welcome to the family.
That is wonderful, all 56 of you.
Hallelujah.
That's awesome.
Isn't that exciting?
Between this and over 156 people, 157 gave their heart.
So, 157 people—think about that.
That's a lot; that's a small church.
That's a lot of people giving their heart to Jesus in the last two days.
All right.
Well, who wants to go tubing?
I said what I had to say.
Hopefully, that blessed y'all.
I'm going to ask—I don't ask anything that I can't answer—but are there any questions?
I try to ask you all and say, "Hey, are you following along or keeping up with things?
" I'm not trying to make anything confusing.
I'm trying to tell you where we are and what I believe.
Where the plague will come in is the late fall/winter of 2027.
They said, "Well, Brandon, you said the plague was coming.
" I never said the plague was coming right now.
I said I saw a window of opportunity we have here.
But I'm telling you what I'm praying over is the winter months of 2027—not winter, but it would be late fall going into 2028.
So, we're going to pray tonight.
We're going to seek Him and see what He has more for us.
There are 5,400 people here still.
They're asking about the pyramids—what you saw about the pyramids in the known timeline.
I saw them being built.
They were being constructed in front of my face.
As they were all being constructed, I could see it all moving like you would see whenever you fast forward something on an old VHS tape in fast-forward mode.
That's the way it looked.
It was all playing out in front of me and moving really quickly.
It was like this.
But as it was moving in front of my face, I could see the sun go up and down as it moved, and everything was moving in front of my face so quickly.
Sometimes the Lord would allow it to go slower on something that He felt was very important, like His crucifixion.
Everything was moving very quickly.
As it was moving, He was showing me it was divided by thousands of years, down to hundreds of years, down to ten years.
It was all divided, and there were timelines.
On every single one of them, there was a line that stated the year and what it was.
Then I could see Chinese men riding on horseback.
I saw people fighting with bows and arrows.
I could see World War I and II; it was all being played out in front of my face.
But that's whenever it got down to where we are right now.
And He said, "This dispensation of grace, this right here where we are—you have a sliver of just right here, Brandon.
Everything that you've ever known, everything that humanity has ever known, is coming to an end.
My Son is coming.
Everything.
" And I saw it from the beginning.
Earth looked like a ball of nothingness.
As He spoke it into existence, it was without form and void, and darkness was on the face of the deep.
I could see it.
People want to argue about it being a flat earth.
It was not a flat earth; it's a ball.
People go, "Well, Brandon, that doesn't line up.
" I'm telling you, it was a ball.
It looked like a lump of clay.
It was darkness; there was nothing.
It was nothingness.
As He spoke it, it all started to come about.
I saw it.
Then I saw Adam in the garden.
He had a perfect beard; everything was perfect.
I tried to tell people what Eve looked like.
Eve had beautiful eyes.
They were the most beautiful color of eyes; I've never seen eyes like them since.
She was olive-skinned.
She wasn't white, and she was not African-American dark.
She was dark; she was like tan—very tan, darker than American Indian skin.
Not that it matters, but people want to know.
She looked oliveish.
People ask, "What does that look like?
" No, very dark like tan skin, but her hair was blacker than Diana's hair.
Her eyes were the most beautiful color I've ever seen.
In fact, I've tried to explain them to Diana.
We've tried to find people's eyes that look like Eve's eyes.
I said, "If I ever find them, Diana, I'll show you.
" They looked almost a greenish color with a mixture of brown and a little blue in them.
Explain that—it was beautiful, the eye.
I didn't see Adam's eyes, but Eve was sitting down with her hair around her.
I saw her sitting on a little rock with ferns growing around her, and she was doing something, but it happened quickly.
I was thinking, "What in the world?
" Everything in the garden at that moment was glorious.
It was beautiful going back and being able to see that again.
Birds were the size of cars; they were truly massive.
It was prehistoric.
It was beautiful.
Things weren't like now.
Things were bigger: the trees were bigger, the plants were bigger.
So, is that enough?
I don't know if I answered that right.
But I could see the pyramids; I could see everything being constructed.
I think people think there are conspiracies happening, which is why they are asking about conspiracies—how it was built.
I saw men building them.
I didn't see aliens building the pyramids.
They were men building the pyramids, and they had wooden things.
They were dragging things around.
People ask, "How'd that happen?
" There were literally hundreds, if not thousands, of men moving these things around.
I could see all these ramps and all this stuff being moved around.
People say, "Well, how'd they lift a big stone like that?
" They did.
But there were bigger men.
Now, if those were giants, I don't know, but it was happening quickly and panning out before my face.
It was happening so fast that it was moving like this, and I was trying to glimpse it.
I was looking at the Chinese Empire and all the things going on with the Great Wall of China; it was all being constructed right in front of my face.
The Lord was just showing me things about time.
And the city of Atlantis was out by Africa.
It was an actual city.
I saw it being swallowed up by fire and water.
As it was playing out for me, I knew what it was.
The Lord said to me, "This is the lost city of Atlantis.
" It was a mass—not just a little town.
We're talking a massive thing, almost like an island, and it was destroyed.
I could see the storm.
I could see lightning.
I could see things.
There was something that happened.
Brandon, that's way out there.
A lot of things I don't share, because people—that's why I say if I can't usually back it up in scripture or whatever, I don't talk about a lot of things.
But tonight I thought, well, I didn't have a lot.
But I'll tell you some of the things I've seen and it's kind of interesting.
I just keep a lot of things to myself.
I just go, 'Well, you know, it's way out there.
Are people going to believe it?
' Well, there were dinosaurs, folks, and they were walking around Adam.
It was a massive looking long-neck dinosaur, and he was talking to it, and it understood him as it was eating the trees.
And Adam was talking to this thing.
I don't know how it was like—did he speak dinosaur?
I have no idea.
But the dinosaur, like we talk to dogs and they listen to us, animals were listening to him.
And that's why I was like, 'Look at that.
' That big old long-neck dinosaur looks like one of those brachiosauruses that you know, like those long-neck dinosaurs on Jurassic Park.
It was huge.
It looked like a thunder lizard, a massive lizard, but I don't know.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the body.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us.
Lord, you're so good to us.
And Father, we don't take anything that you've done for granted.
Nothing.
And where we are in this dispensation of grace, where we are in this timeframe, Father, that you said Brandon, Diana, Brad, all of us come to this earth for such a time as this, that we were the closers.
And you said, 'I've saved the best for last.
All of you are saved the best for last.
' You're my closers, every single one of us.
I believe that this is the generation that will not taste death.
And Father, I thank you for your body.
This is what did it all.
You paid the price for us to walk in victory.
You paid the price for us to walk in healing.
You paid the price for us to walk in deliverance.
You paid the price for Diana and me, my children, and for all those that are watching.
Father, for those that will continue to watch in the days, we pray for everyone in the world.
You paid the price.
Thank you, Lord.
As we enter into this time of thanksgiving, as we enter into this time, we're so grateful.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we see that which is to come.
Father, if there's anything you want us to see, let us have eyes to see and ears to hear what the spirit is saying.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
The anointing just hit my left hand.
It's not the right hand.
It's going to be this hand.
I felt the Holy Ghost and fire hit all the way down to my elbow.
That is very interesting.
When I was holding the body, thank you Lord.
Hallelujah.
Diana, you believe for anything?
I bless you in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you Lord for my wife healed and whole and well and filled with the power of God in Jesus' name.
I feel if it's there, it's there for a reason.
He doesn't just do that.
Thank you Lord for the blood in Jesus' name.
I'm actually feeling like I'm getting drunk in the Holy Ghost.
That is amazing.
Hallelujah.
Wow.
My tongue got it.
Oh my goodness, Lord.
Well, thank you, being filled with the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you, Father, that we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you for the blood.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Jesus.
We take the blood today.
We apply the blood over Diana, Braden, Megan Paisley, and me.
I apply the blood.
Where we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us.
We put angels all around and about us.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Though we make much of the blood, we take the blood right now, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that you forgive us of our sins in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
You want a drink, baby?
Thank you.
Thank you, Lord.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Oh Father, fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Thank you, Lord.
Fill our cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill our cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
I wish in the natural I could draw the pictures of what I saw, even about the pyramids and the things that I saw, the way the people looked as they were building things.
The things that I have inside of me are such treasures.
I could share them with everyone.
How beautiful life is for all of us and we don't know it.
Life is but a vapor and it moves so quickly.
It's just a blink.
What do we do with the blink we have?
What do we do with the blink God's given us?
It goes so quickly.
What do we do with the relationship that he wants to have with every one of us?
Life is a blink.
Blink twice and it's over.
Jesus, let us do something great in that blink.
Oh Father, I thank you Lord.
Every one of us has something that God's called us to do.
We do it with all our heart.
Oh Lord, I thank you for your relationship.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I see.
Thank you, Father.
There's so many of you that just need refreshed.
He said he'll bring the refreshing.
He'll bring the rain.
He'll bring the rain on you.
It's like I had last night.
I sat there and said, 'Lord, bring the rain.
Jesus, I am thirsty.
I've poured out, Lord, and I need a fresh touch.
' All you need is a drink.
There's so many people here tonight that just need a drink.
They just want things to be so real instead of false religion or just cookie-cutter.
It's cookie-cutter.
I don't say false religion, but just this Pharisaic religion.
Jesus wants to become real to you.
The Holy Spirit wants to become real to you.
He's not a dove.
He's not a feeling.
He is a person.
And he is more real to me than Diana is.
I'm telling you, when he appeared and I was able to see him for the glimpse that I had, he's green.
He's beautiful.
He's alive.
That probably just wrecked some people's world.
But as I saw it, he's an all-consuming fire, but he's green.
It's like blue fire.
An all-consuming fire that's blue but just has a green tint to it.
The Holy Spirit has a form and he's barrel-chested.
He's huge.
I'm talking like a thick barrel-chested man.
The Holy Spirit is not skinny.
He's barrel-chested.
He looks like he has a 50-gallon wood barrel.
That's how thick his chest is.
I was allowed to see these glimpses when he came and talked to me one day and I said, 'Oh, it's nothing what I thought.
He's massive.
' But he wants to become more so real to you.
Oh Jesus.
People want to know, 'Brandon, how do you have these experiences?
' But every single one of them is so dear to me.
I'll never forget any of them.
It's like whenever you have something and you burn it on a piece of leather, it's ingrained there forever like cowhide.
You brand it.
Those experiences are branded in my mind.
They're branded in me.
They're always there.
I can recall them.
My mom said, "Brandon, you always have a memory like an elephant.
You don't forget nothing.
" I know, but they truly are there, every single one of them, going to tribulation.
I can recall them.
They really happened.
Every instance is so beautiful, and all the experiences that I've had with the Father.
I can bring it back—from every angel encounter I've had to the demonic—I don't forget it.
I remember it, and the Lord shows it to me and I recall it as much as my wedding day.
You never forget it.
You never forget the day you got born again.
You never forget the day your first child was born or your children were born.
You don't forget it.
When I've seen glimpses of heaven, I'm telling you all, you don't want to miss it.
He's prepared a place for you that's so beautiful, and he wants you to go so bad.
And to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
You know, whenever you almost died giving birth to Paisley, Diana said when she was stepping over and the doctor almost lost her after her C-section, her blood pressure dropped so bad.
She said, "You tell them what you felt.
" Whenever it was, it was as easy as—it was easier than anything I've ever experienced in my life.
It was just like breathing and I felt such a peace, just more peace than I've ever had in my whole life.
And it was like breathing, like I was there.
It would have been easier to go than it would have been to stay.
And I really, really wanted to go because this peace was indescribable, peace on another level that a human can't understand, because the Holy Spirit brings so much peace to us here in this body, in our earthly vessels.
But whenever I was in that moment, I can't describe it.
I have no vocabulary to describe it, but it was beautiful and it felt like the way we're supposed to be, like the way we're supposed to feel.
That peace just makes you feel alive, like this is life.
It didn't feel like dying; it felt like living.
I don't know how else to describe it.
It was beautiful.
I'll never forget it.
I have no vocabulary; that's the closest thing I can get to describing it.
I remember seeing your eyes and I told her, "You're going to lose her.
She's going.
" And I could see it.
I could feel it.
And I grabbed a hold of your foot and I was praying, "No, you ain't dying on me.
You ain't dying on me.
" They rushed in there and she coded, and they brought all their nurses in there to help her.
I remember thinking, "She's slipping over right now.
She's leaving me," and they brought her back.
You know, that in-between, that place where you're about ready to go home—in that instance where Diana was in birth like that and she lost so much blood, it was really scary in the natural for me, but I could see the peace on her face.
And she said, "Pray for me.
" And all of a sudden, that was the last thing she said for a second, and she went poof and her eyes got dark.
I went, "What's going on?
Is she truly about to die?
" But they brought her back, all to the glory of God.
Thank you, Jesus.
I just try to bring the Lord in these things.
When he visits and he's talking, I feel his presence so strong right now.
I want you to realize that he wants a relationship more with you than what you want one with him.
It's more real, y'all, than what your grandma's preacher told you or whatever.
Jesus is real and the Holy Spirit is real, and they want a relationship with you.
He's no respecter of persons; he'll do for you what he does for me and vice versa.
But he is a respecter of faith and he is a respecter of relationship and time.
When you die to yourself in time sitting before him, when you lose yourself, there is a level of sacrifice and time.
How desperate, how hungry, how thirsty are you?
Is he your every breath?
Is he as much as you want your next drink of water?
I'm going to tell you, some days it's not like that for me because the world distracts you.
This channel, I'm going to tell you, is more distraction than it's ever been in my life.
Sharing myself with this—if I didn't have this, I know where I'd already be: at my laundry room machine, sitting by my dryer praying, or in my closet, or sitting on the porch talking, looking at the birds.
I miss those times.
It's like I said to him last night, "Lord, I'm so tired.
I'm so thirsty.
I've dumped out all week and I just need you to help me.
" I said, "Are you mad at me?
Is our relationship cooled off out of insecurity?
" I said, "Lord, are we cool?
Are we alright?
" He said, "Brandon, you're tired.
I'm not mad at you.
Why would I be mad at you?
You've helped me, Brandon.
I want to help you.
" But I don't want to lose myself in all this.
You can gain the whole world and lose your soul.
I don't want to lose my relationship with you because of the people pulling all the time.
But I understood why the disciples took their time and they gave it away, but at the same time it's so desperate because there's so many people with so many needs.
There's so many people that are going to hell.
There's so many people that just don't know.
And I thought, if I pour myself out and you can pull them out of that pit, if I could help just the 58 of you tonight, I felt like I accomplished something today.
But there's something to have an authentic relationship with God when you just sit and talk to him.
And you don't worry about anybody else and what their opinion is because all of it changes like the tide.
Who cares?
But there is an authentic move; there's an authentic presence that is tangible.
And every prayer time is so different here.
Every time I go, "Well, we'll steer it this way by the Holy Spirit and we'll go there and we'll see what's coming.
" But every single time is always so different for these people.
He wants something new for them.
And I go, "Okay, have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter, we are the clay.
" You know, it's like the Lord said a lot of times, "The suckers will come, Brandon.
You'll have to learn the suckers from the authentic people that will try to come in your circle.
" It's like what Mike said last night, "The higher you go in elevation with ministry, the smaller your circle can be of who's allowed in your inner circle.
" Because the higher you go, it's like a pyramid.
He said the smaller the circle, and you have to really realize who is allowed to go in your inner circle.
Because it was a guy from Rhema that told him that—one of the pastors at Rhema—the bigger the limelight, the bigger the shadow.
But he was saying about the higher the tip of the pyramid, the smaller the circle is that you allow in your inner circle.
And I've learned that more and more because you have all kinds of people emailing you.
You have all kinds of people from different ministries trying to talk to you, and all it really represents is that influence equals money.
A lot of it the Lord has always said to me: 'If you ever look at My people for money—if you ever do this with the platform that I have given you—it will be no more and the anointing will dry up.
It'll be dead.
' He said, 'But if you always seek Me first and bring the people to Me to drink, Brandon, I'll take care of you.
' And He has.
But I never seek Him for anything else.
I always try to keep the authenticity of what I had five years ago before I started this channel: just me, Diana, and the kids praying in the car and doing what we've always done.
We try to keep the main thing the main thing and bring what we had there here and maintain it.
That's not always the easiest thing because there's so many people pulling and so many people wanting to talk.
As I say, y'all, I'm a very private person.
I don't allow people in my inner circle.
I just go, 'Okay, I'm leery of it, but I will listen to you.
' But that's as far as it goes, because if you get through me, you won't get through her.
It's the truth.
If you get through my discernment, you won't get through hers.
She is a pitbull, and I'm telling you, I'm very thankful for that.
99% of the time, if I miss it, she doesn't.
I'm going, 'Okay, God, thank God for her.
' What's the purpose?
What's the motive?
A lot of times they say, 'What's the motive?
What do they want?
' I can't give you anything that He can't.
He has it all.
And if you stay vertical—if you stay vertical and you're looking at Him—everything else horizontal will be taken care of.
I learned that.
I'm learning it.
Nobody else has the answers to fix my issues.
Now, sometimes I need to talk to somebody: 'Hey, help me.
I need to learn some wisdom up in here.
' But if I stay vertical and don't blow people's texts up, I don't need to figure it out.
Just stay vertical.
Everything else horizontal will be taken care of.
Brandon can't solve your problems.
Billy Burke can't solve your problems.
Pastors can't solve your problems.
Stay vertical.
And I've learned that if I do that, everything else falls in line.
Keep my eyes on Jesus.
This goes for your marriage, your children, all of it.
Stay this way.
We didn't pray very much tonight, did we?
But we let the Holy Spirit...
I felt it.
But it's already an hour and 30 minutes, and 5,800 people are here.
I just want so much for you not to struggle with all the stuff you struggle with.
There's so many of you that are so broken.
And I said, 'Lord, how do I help them?
' He said, 'Bring them to Me.
I'll fix it.
You can't.
There's nothing that you can do, Brandon.
You're just a man.
' I said, 'Well, Lord, they ask, but their focus is on You.
They're going horizontal.
If they go vertical, I'll fix it all.
' My marriage is broken.
'Brandon, help me.
' My children are strung out.
Go vertical.
Go look at Him.
All I can do is point you to the Father because Brandon is just worthless without Him.
He is weak and fleshly and has issues just as much as you all.
And I'm trying to tell you all: if you go vertical and stay on that narrow lane and you keep looking at His face, everything you need is in the Master's face.
Everything you need is in His beautiful hand, His nail-scarred hand.
Everything from your healings and deliverances to whatever you think you need.
Someone may say, 'I need $35,000.
I need this, I need that.
' Everything you need is in His hand.
Lose yourself in Him.
This world is so poisonous and it's so easy to get lost in it.
There are so many distractions continually.
Father, I just thank You, Lord, for tonight.
Was there anything I could say?
Is there anything I could do to help the people tonight?
Is there anything You want me to pray about?
There's so many people, Lord, that want to know what's coming.
I'm going to share even more about 2026 and what You said about black swan events, the red dawn experiences, impeachment.
Come summer of 2026, President Trump is saying he wants to release a $2,000 stimulus for every single person.
Look for his reaction.
Black swan events: shaking, awaken.
We pray for the finances of this nation.
We pray for protection for our president tonight.
We thank You, Lord, that JD Vance stays in the right place and he does not have a Watergate experience.
That JD Vance stays the course and is not tempted to do something stupid in the midterm elections or in the 2028 elections.
That JD Vance stays the course and that You become so real to JD Vance tonight.
I ask You, Father, to visit JD Vance.
I ask You, Father, to visit President Trump.
Father, there's so many temptations and so many things when you get a lot of power that try to destroy you.
Father, women...
it's the gold, the glory, and the girls.
It's like I always say: the girls, the gold, or the glory.
But in this case, in a presidency, it's probably the gold and the girls.
Maybe the glory.
But in his case, Father, with all that I've seen happening and all that I've seen coming, we thank You, Lord, that he stays on the right path.
We lift him up before You, Father, that pride does not set in his heart because You said pride comes before a fall.
And we ask You, God, to protect JD Vance tonight, that he would not be a backstabber against Trump.
That he would stay the course and stay loyal to Trump and not become a Judas.
I heard that right then.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that he does not become a Judas.
Not saying Trump's a Jesus, but Father, it's a metaphor that JD Vance does not in the last hours of Trump's term become a Judas.
We thank You, Lord, that he would stay the course and he does not become a Judas.
That's a word from the Lord.
I heard it.
Pray that he does not become a Judas or a David who goes after Bathsheba.
Bathsheba would try to snare him to make it like a Marilyn Monroe-Monica Lewinsky scandal.
And we pray that there is no Monica Lewinsky and there is no scandal in the White House.
That JD Vance stays the course and does his job.
Just keep your eyes to the sky looking because Jesus Christ is coming.
We pray, Father, that there's no Judas.
We pray, Father, that there's angels watching over our president tonight, that You keep him protected as he's around MBS tomorrow.
I ask, Father, as he's around MBS, that he would have great discernment being around MBS tomorrow.
That he does not trust easily because there is an anointing there, a demonic anointing, a demonic presence that lures you in.
Father, I pray a hedge around his discernment tomorrow that his eyes would be open.
He would say, 'Oh, hold on a second.
' You don't get sucked in by the venom, and don't be sucked in by what you see; but, Father, he would maintain and stay the course because that presence is already operating on the individual.
Father, we thank You, Lord, President Trump is protected.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that he lives long and finishes strong.
That Father, he'll eat any deadly thing and it will not harm him; he'll drink any deadly thing and it will not harm him.
Father, that we will have a nation that fears the Lord.
One nation under God with a major revival in the name of Jesus.
We call forth that revival over America from sea to shining sea.
All from the top of Canada, all the way down.
Father, we even include Canada in it.
We thank you, Lord, from sea to shining sea, from Canada to Mexico.
Father, regarding this revolt that's happening in Mexico, regarding this lady president—whatever she is—Father, that they would put one in that's godly, so that Mexico will have a move of God.
And the cartels that I saw paying this woman off, from Venezuela to the gangs of MS-13 and all the corruption that I keep seeing in Mexican politics—being paid off and threatened with slander and bribery—I thank you, Lord, that they would bring people in who are not corrupt.
We thank you, Lord.
Thank you, love.
Do I have something?
You had tissue on your face.
I know; when I was crying, it made my nose run a little bit.
I don't want to have any strangers.
As we see Venezuela, we rise up, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that Venezuela will have a major move.
Oh God, we call forth a stirring over Venezuela in the name of Jesus, that Father, you will remove a dictator from power.
It's not a coincidence that he was singing John Lennon's song, "Imagine.
" This is what I told you was coming: these types of events.
Remember John Lennon's "Imagine" is the same thing they sing in New York.
He's singing, "Imagine all the people, imagine there's no heaven, it's easy if you try, no hell below us, above only sky"—baloney!
I warned you about this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're stirring in our nation.
Father, I know what you told me about Bibi.
I know what you said about Bibi and what was coming to Bibi, and that the shaking was coming to Israel and everything in Israel would change.
Everything was going to start to change in Israel.
I saw a third temple being negotiated; I saw all these things about to happen.
Father, we thank you that your will be done, and that your great hand is on Israel.
Concerning politics, concerning war, everything, God, your hand is on the apple of your eye; your hand, Father, is going to fix and do what needs to be done in Israel.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for the peace that passes all understanding over Jerusalem and the people of Israel, over the rabbis.
Father, that they would have a radical visitation from the Lord Jesus Christ.
I thank you, Father, that the Wailing Wall would have a major revival, that there would be a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord at the Wailing Wall.
Father, that it would shake every Jew and every Gentile; we would have a major move of God.
I thank you, Father, that Ezekiel 38 and 39 are not that far off.
Lord, I thank you that you're wooing your people, you're wooing the church, that they would get out of their slumber and wake up before it's too late.
I thank you, Father, that you would shake to awaken us, and we'd have the greatest revival this world has ever seen.
We pray a hedge of blood around Diana, me, and the children.
We cover our families, our finances, and what we're believing for.
We will finish 2025 strong.
Call those things that be not as though they were.
We have six weeks left of the year, and we will finish strong.
I say we will have a financial breakthrough as a nation, that we will not go over the waterfall edge no matter how hard they try to push this thing over.
I thank you, Lord, that the Supreme Court will rule in favor of the sanctions and the tariffs.
Father, I thank you right now that you're moving on our behalf, that everything will go in line, and this will be the greatest outpouring of finances this world has ever seen.
This is the last call: one last major wealth transfer.
I've been seeing the industrial revolution again as I was praying today, and I could see William Branham.
I'll probably just go over it tomorrow.
Father, we thank you for the healing and your demonstrations and manifestations of glory.
Thank you for every person represented here tonight.
Thank you, Lord, for a stirring in their spirits, for healing, and for your love.
Father, I thank you for their marriages tonight.
We call the marriages blessed and prosperous.
We say that the husbands and the wives will have peace and joy in their homes.
They're excited because there's a fresh touch on their marriages tonight in the name of Jesus.
Father, you become so real to them that they'll bring heaven into their home.
We thank you that they have heaven on earth, as it is in heaven.
Thank you, Lord, for your mighty hand on their children, that you're bringing them home.
All wayward children are coming to Jesus in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you that you bring repentance and fire back to the churches, that the glory of the Lord would be made known and that your name would be made great.
From the Catholics to the Baptists to the Methodists to the Church of Christ all around, Father, we call for a major move of God for a supernatural touch of the Holy Ghost.
How many of you can feel it, that something major is about to come?
That's what I heard in the spirit.
How many of you are awake and know that something major is about to come?
Do you feel it inside?
How hungry are you?
How bad do you want to see the glory?
Multitudes will come.
Multitudes will come as you come up higher with my fire.
Working and walking with your authority.
I'm in the Swiss Alps and I'm going in the towns, and I can see I'm going and knocking on the door of each one of those little places I see, and we're going in there and alerting them that a great revival is about to be upon them.
I'm in Europe right now.
It's a march.
I hear him saying it and he's leading the people, and I see it as he is leading, and it's follow the leader, and it's going through the towns in Europe, and we're knocking on the door of the heart of the unbeliever.
And as we knock on the heart of the unbeliever, I see we're marching in a single file line, and the Lord Jesus Christ is leading the charge, and he knocks on the door and then whenever they open the door, they get behind him and they're all in the line and they follow the leader.
Following the leader, and he's saying whatever I am hearing in the spirit, and they're marching down the road.
And he's saying, 'Come with me.
Come up higher.
' And I hear it in the spirit, what I'm saying.
And he's saying—the Lord Jesus is saying it.
And I see Jesus moving throughout Europe.
He's moving throughout the villages.
He's moving.
And he's knocking.
And as he knocks on the door of the hearts of the unbeliever, they follow in line.
The line's getting longer and longer and longer, for he's calling the souls of men.
You must know your authority.
He's knocking on the hearts, going throughout the world.
The time is late.
He says the time is late.
Now he's going all throughout South America.
I see him going, and we're going to Australia.
There's no longer a day.
The time is short.
You must get on the boat.
There's no longer a day.
I heard it.
He's talking about the timeframe in the spirit realm.
There's no longer a day.
The sun is setting on this day.
The sun is setting.
He's adding to the body.
It's a march.
He's adding to the body one day at a time.
He's taking the people in; they're bringing them in.
He's bringing them in, and it's like a march and Jesus is leading the march, and he has a drum in his hand.
He's drumming again and again.
I see him.
He's knocking on the hearts of men.
He's knocking on the hearts of the people.
And it doesn't matter how big you think you are—the celebrities, from the poorest of the poor—he's bringing us all in.
Oh, he has such great things in store for the greater works you will do.
Oh, he will work through you.
Days of fun have just begun.
The great bringing in of the harvest.
They're bringing in the harvest.
We're bringing in the harvest for the ones that people had given up on.
I see houses that have cobwebs on them.
I see houses that are full of darkness.
And he's knocking on their door.
Ones that people had forgotten—the unlovely.
There's cobwebs on the door of these houses, and they kind of look spooky, but he said, 'People have forgotten them, but I have not forgotten them.
' And he's knocking on the door.
He's calling every one of them in—the people that are even in the darkest of sin.
He's calling them within.
And they will know my Son.
That's what he says.
Ask the Holy Spirit to help you to become a greater witnessing tool for him—a mouthpiece so that he can flow within.
And you add to the march of the beat, and they will bring them to their knees.
It's the neatest thing ever watching him knock on those doors of those people's hearts.
Some didn't answer, and he kept marching because they wouldn't let him in.
But a lot of them got in line and became born again.
Some didn't answer; their doors were closed to him.
How many of you don't let him in?
He's knocking on the doors of your hearts once again.
I saw cobwebs on the doors, I saw darkness, and the shutters that are falling because the hinges are broken off of their doors and off their windows.
They're missing some shingles on their roof.
And he's knocking on the door and he's marching through Europe.
I see the old cottages, and he's knocking on the door and he's playing his drums and he's knocking, and I could see the people getting in line.
They're all different nationalities, all colors, all races.
They're all there and they're all wearing whatever clothes—you know, like those little overalls with the shorts.
He's going through Europe and they're wearing the shorts with a nice shirt—brown shorts with overalls.
And he's going through there and they're getting in line.
Some of them won't open their door, but he's knocking on the door and he's marching down through Africa, and they're all coming one soul at a time.
People are saying, 'lederhosen.
' Lederhosen is what it's called.
So they're wearing lederhosen, whatever lederhosen is.
But this is what the people are wearing.
I see a little chubby boy and he's running in up there, and he had a really nice brown haircut all on the side, and they were all running up there in line.
He's knocking on the house.
He says Germany.
So they're going through Germany.
Sitting at his feet, hearing his heartbeat, knowing what he has for you and me, if we just sit at his feet to hear his heartbeat.
It's still really fun because I like to watch him.
He's going and knocking on the doors and most of them all come out.
That means the greatest harvest.
We're about to see it.
Jesus is leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
Jesus is about the souls.
He is the Lord of the harvest.
He doesn't want any of us to go to hell, but all to come to repentance.
We're all his children.
He loves every single one of us.
Now he's letting me see there's flowers that are bowing down before him.
I see the flowers as Jesus walks on the path in Europe.
The flowers are turning toward him and bowing down in the green grass.
As Jesus walks by, the flowers are bowing down.
Even the very flowers bow down to the Lord Jesus.
You know the little yellow flowers, Diana, that come out in the spring?
They're the bulbs.
They look like a microphone.
Those are the flowers that are bowing down before him as he walks by on the path.
It's a brown cobblestone road, and all of them are like the yellow brick road.
As Jesus is walking, there's green grass on both sides.
As he's walking through, I see the Swiss Alps with beautiful snow on the top of these mountains and houses like little cottages along the road.
He's knocking on the doors of your heart.
Some will open and some will not.
Daffodils—that's what's bowing down before the Lord.
I see them bowing down before our Father.
He's walking and has a drum, and he's calling them in.
He's ripping the souls out of the hands of Satan and the devil.
He said they don't belong to him; they're mine.
There's coming a time when he says, 'Let them go!
Devil, you've got to let them go!
' We call them in in the name of Jesus.
Therefore, my friend, get off of them in Jesus' name.
We say their eyes are free and their eyes are enlightened for all of eternity.
We call them free from everything the devil had for them.
Jesus Christ will set them free from the bondage of our enemy as you come up high.
This has been fun; I'm glad we stayed longer.
He just said that many of them will come within a day.
Don't forget this, baby; I need you to keep highlights of the parts of what he's saying.
He said, 'Many of them will come in a day—a day of shaking, a day of sternness, an awakening.
' It will be a great day.
Everything is going to change in a 24-hour period, and nothing will remain the same.
You're going to see an acceleration.
I'm in Miami.
He's talking about Miami and says, 'Woe, woe, Miami!
' This will go clear out to LA.
I see a great shaking within a day from sea to sea that will bring them to their knees, for they will know my Son.
Woe to you, Miami!
Then it shot clear out and I saw California and LA, and it went like lightning.
For they are calling in the souls.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
He said, 'You can be done.
' Thank you for joining us tonight.
Those daffodils were bowing down before him.
I'm sure it's symbolic of something.
He didn't pick roses; he picked daffodils.
Why the daffodils?
Why were they on the side of the road in the green grass?
It could have been tulips, hydrangeas, or pansies, but he picked that flower.
You have to think there's a symbolic meaning; there's more to it.
Isn't he wonderful?
I love everything that he does.
I see the green grass and the little cottages as he marches through, and I can see the beautiful waterfalls on the mountainsides.
He is living water, and he was walking through the valleys.
I could see snow on the top of the mountains as he was calling them in.
It's exciting, Diana.
I'm excited we can help him through prayer.
Being a believer is fun.
He says, 'Woe to you, Miami.
' I saw a tsunami wave coming into Miami—a major destructive wave.
I don't know if that's symbolic or literal, but he said, 'Woe to Miami.
' Then I saw a day of shaking and sternness.
Within 24 hours, everything you know will change.
I see a storm coming to New York with lightning bolts inside Manhattan.
Everything will change from New York all the way down to Miami—a great storm brewing.
There was a glorious light over the central part again, and I see those doves coming down—all four of them.
Calling them all to be born again.
When I look into the years, I see a drought and something like the Great Depression of the 1930s.
People are really struggling.
I see farmers in overalls looking south and east toward a storm.
I see the land and the seas, and darkness is upon the seas.
Everything is coming back.
Jesus is coming back.
I'm looking into that.
I believe the day of the tribulation began and it is terrible.
There are dead fish everywhere.
Everywhere the fish are dead.
There are so many dead fish dying in the islands and the people have nothing to eat.
There's a stench in the air.
I see fire.
I see volcanoes.
You couldn't pay me a lot of money to be in those islands for what I see.
I see it down there.
I see the shaking.
You know, there are certain parts of the world you would want to be and there are certain parts you would not want to be.
I mean, there are people making these bunkers down in the ground.
I see it.
There are volcanoes going off and there are dead fish everywhere.
I see the people hiding in their bunkers.
I see the face of the man over Facebook.
Yes, I see his face and he is trembling; he's in a bunker.
But there's not even a bunker that will hide them.
The Lord says there's no bunker that will hide them.
The Lord says, "For the day of wrath has come.
" I'm looking into it.
I see these angelic beings.
They are really big and they're standing together.
I see them, but they're transparent.
They are holding the trumpets and they look like a waterfall inside of them, like rain is on the inside of them.
I see them holding the trumpets and they're in the east.
They look spooky.
I see they have light.
Their skin is light, but their inner being looks like water vapor.
They're massive.
I've never seen an angel look like this.
I've never seen this before.
They're holding their hands up and blowing these horns.
I thought they'd blow a shofar, but they're not blowing a shofar.
It's like a long trumpet horn, but this is not a shofar.
I thought they would have had a shofar.
There are four of them.
This has to be after the tribulation, right?
Seriously, what am I seeing?
This is way out there because I see the islands.
I see everything shaking and there's no place to hide.
These people are trying to hide from the great and terrible day of wrath.
They're trying to hide in their bunkers, but they can't hide.
The sea and the waves are roaring.
It's a sound upon the waters, a loud roar.
I feel the anointing all over my head.
I see it so clearly; it's so loud.
The seas and the waves roar like a noise upon the land and everything is shaking violently.
The great and terrible day of the Lord.
The earth will rock and reel like a drunkard.
Glory to God.
I don't know how much more He wants to show me, but I'm just sitting here looking at all this and He's allowing me to.
Thank you, Jesus.
Oh, what awaits this world; it's the great and terrible day.
I see every knee will bow.
It is literally hell on earth.
It's scary.
There are storms, earthquakes, and tsunamis.
I see these angels and they're blowing their horns and it's deafening.
It's so loud; it's scary to the flesh.
I see Mark Zuckerberg going down in that bunker and I see his curly hair; it's a little thicker than it usually is, poofy.
And he's down in there, trembling at the sight of God.
He's trembling at the sight of what he's seeing.
He's on an island out there.
I see the volcanoes going off.
This is about the love of money, the lust for money.
There's a lust just like you lust after nasty stuff; this is a grotesqueness about money.
That's why I said you couldn't pay me billions of dollars for what I'm seeing about them out there.
They have this infatuation with it.
It's a stench to the Father.
The sin is a stench and they're trembling in their caves and their bunkers.
He said there's no one that will escape the wrath to come.
None.
You must know Him.
You must know His Son.
Oh Jesus, may we all fall more in love with You.
May they fall in love with Jesus.
May they have a visitation from You, Lord.
As we intercede for the nations, Father, may they fall more in love with You.
Why are there so many dead fish?
Big whales, orcas, fish, octopus; they're all dead.
And I don't know why.
They're all on top of the water and it stinks.
It's all in the news; I can see it.
I can see the people in the islands and they don't know what to do.
It looks like something out of a terrible movie.
I didn't realize there were that many fish in the ocean, but it's everywhere.
They're all on the top, just floating dead, and it stinks.
Praise the Lord.
I know that was heavy.
I just came out of it.
It's fading away.
I saw what I was supposed to see.
Those angels, Diana, were nothing I've ever seen on this earth.
There was a reverence; it was awe in the spirit realm.
The angels of the Lord were blowing these horns and it was shaking the earth.
As they blew the horns, there was a roar upon the water.
A couple of feet above the water level was a roar as they were blowing their horns.
It was a sound and a shockwave of energy that was creating a sea and waves roaring.
It was the great and fearful day of the Lord.
People were trying to hide, trying to bury themselves to get away.
People like Mark; he was in the ground.
But the Lord said, "There's no place to hide.
" I could see them in caves in the side of mountains.
The earth itself was shaking.
The ground was shaking.
It was like an earthquake everywhere.
The earth was shaking.
But it was not just a little tremor; we're talking violently shaking as these angels were blowing their horns.
And I could hear the sound from these four angels.
And as one blew, there would be one event; another blew, boom.
And I could see the four angels and they were blowing their horns and it was shaking the earth.
The very power in the heavens was shaking.
Why?
I don't know.
I bet there's probably scripture to line it up; maybe not.
All I saw was—this is what I saw.
I'm not a Bible theologian.
All I do is tell you what I see.
My goodness, it's shaking!
But first, it started out with Jesus marching on the thing, and that was beautiful.
He was marching and playing his drum and knocking on the hearts of men.
That was where I want to end this.
The other is a little heavy.
That was pretty wild what I just saw.
I saw a lot.
Everything I just saw had so much detail to it that my English vocabulary cannot tell you.
Everything had so much detail.
And I could see the mountains.
I could see things.
There was fire and there was smoke.
The earth—there was so much smoke in the atmosphere from the volcanoes.
It looked like it was almost nighttime.
It was blocking out the sun.
I could see the sun coming through some parts, but where there was volcanic ash and smoke, there was fire.
Everything was on fire.
And I thought, 'How is anybody even coming through this?
How are you even living?
' The islands—I could still see like TV screens and stuff, and the people were starving because there was no food.
And I saw farmers looking to the south and I saw them looking to the east, and there was a storm, and I was like, 'What in the world?
' So, wow.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the child that is thinking about being aborted right now, for their daughter.
Father, we lift up this mother right now before you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that you would work on her heart, that she will not abort this little girl, Father.
I thank you, Lord, right now that you come and comfort her for whatever demonic spirit is bothering her, trying to abort this little baby.
I take authority over this demonic spirit in the name of Jesus.
And we say, 'Satan, leave this girl alone.
She will not abort this little baby girl.
' We will not have this in the name of Jesus.
And the baby will be born and let the grandma raise it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the daughter would change her heart, but we ask, Father, that even if she didn't in the natural, she won't abort the baby.
Maybe she'll give it up for adoption.
The grandma's asking for prayer.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
So, we ask—the grandma's asking for prayer right now.
And so, we lift up this woman that she will not abort this baby girl.
She will not.
In the name of Jesus, we call the fear of why she thinks she can't provide for it, whatever it may be, we call for peace in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that you're warring on our behalf right now.
And that there's peace over this mother that she will not, and this demonic spirit that's trying to influence her, you cease and desist your maneuvering right now in Jesus' name.
And we call peace over this mother right now that you will keep this baby and it will be a blessing.
This child will be a blessing to her in the name of Jesus.
And that she'll know she has family that's supporting her right now.
Interceding for her.
Yes.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We call peace over this child.
We call peace over this mother in the mighty name of Jesus.
And clarity of mind.
Thank you, Lord.
Clarity of mind.
We say, 'Hormones, line up.
Hormones, line up.
Think right.
' Hormones, line up and think right in Jesus' name.
There's a purpose for this child.
We thank you, Father.
There's a purpose for every child.
But we will stand in the gap, Father, for this baby.
We thank you, Lord.
And that goes for every one of the women out there trying to abort their children.
This stops.
The murder stops in Jesus' name.
We call forth the babies that the blood of the innocent cry out from the ground.
The blood of the innocent cries out.
And we call forth right now a major move of God on the women's hearts that, Father, they don't realize what they're doing.
This is a demonic spirit trying to influence them.
And we call them free from this demonic stronghold in Jesus' name.
And we thank you Baal will not have any more bloodshed.
None.
In Jesus' name, we call peace over this woman.
Thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
Does everybody agree with me that this will not happen?
We're standing with you, Grandma.
Well, it's late, y'all.
We've been going on for three hours.
Ain't it amazing how long this goes?
I just get lost in the spirit of the Lord.
It's three hours.
Here we go.
We talk about it all the time.
I can't unhook from the Holy Ghost.
When I get in these rivers, I'll just keep going for three hours.
You could drive to Texas from Oklahoma City.
That's how long that is.
It's like you can have a road trip with this.
A long one.
God bless you all.
I pray this blessed you.
And thank you for joining us.
It blessed me.
Even if it didn't bless you, it blessed me tremendously.
I'm telling you all, Jesus is coming.
If you could please help us.
We don't ask you for anything, but we do ask you for this: like, subscribe, comment something nice down below.
Give us a thumbs up.
Do everything you can do to get us in the algorithm.
That's Dian and my biggest desire is to get to this million-soul prayer army.
We're believing God for a million people to come pray with us.
And if you can help us with that, we would greatly appreciate it.
Thank you.
And thank you for your time tonight coming and dipping in the river with us, praying with us, and seeking Jesus with us.
We pray with all our hearts that this blesses you all and that you're coming up higher in your prayer life.
That Jesus is becoming more real to you than whatever your circumstances are because that's what it means to us.
We do this for you.
We sacrifice our night to come in here and pray with you, to show you the way as much as we can.
And we don't have everything always figured out, but we're trying.
God bless you all.
We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.